W-16834322-SOCKS5-proxy-duke (#300)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/am-installing.adoc

== SOCKS5 Proxy Setting

> If you proxy your monitoring data as it leaves the data center, you must configure an Anypoint Monitoring agent for the proxy (using `-p`), and your proxy must be deployed to SOCKS5-compatible server. The agent uses a protocol that requires SOCKS5. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you proxy your monitoring data as it leaves the data center, you must configure an Anypoint Monitoring agent for the proxy (using the `-p` option), and your proxy must be deployed to SOCKS5-compatible server. The agent uses a protocol that requires SOCKS5. 
```

> If you proxy your monitoring data as it leaves the data center, you must configure an Anypoint Monitoring agent for the proxy (using the `-p` option), and your proxy must be deployed to SOCKS5-compatible server. The agent uses a protocol that requires SOCKS5. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you proxy your monitoring data as it leaves the data center, the proxy must support the SOCKS5 protocol, and you must configure the Anypoint Monitoring agent to communicate through the proxy.
```

> To use a SOCKS5 proxy for monitoring:

Author: ```suggestion
To configure the agent for the SOCKS5 proxy:  
```

== SOCKS5 Proxy Setting

> Anypoint Monitoring agent uses a protocol that requires a SOCKS5 proxy. 

Reviewer: Can we keep "If you need to proxy your monitoring data as it leaves the data center, " because the SOCKS proxy is required when the customer needs to use a proxy.
